It turns out that he is Qingyun Longjun
I guess I have a good eye.
What? He turned out to be Qingyun Longjun
What have I done before?
Sister, how could he be everyone's Qingyun Longjun?
Then before we
It's over. It's over.
How could this kid be the ruler of Great Xia?
Did our Lin family really start with him?
This Lin family is finished, how dare you call the Azure Dragon Army?
Now let's see how they end
Stop talking
After a while, Qingyun got angry with him
Long Jun, I offended you just now.
Please forgive me.
But the poisoning of my grandson
It can't be scattered so easily
This is about the blood of our Kim family
Even if you risk my old life
I'm going to find him too. Please stop pretending.
What master do you suspect me of?
How could I possibly do such a thing?